
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8">
        <title>Spin-off of "Project: 
Blog"</title>
        <style>
            body{
                background-color:rgb(235, 
206, 232);
                line-height:1.2em;
            }
            #blog{
                color:rgb(138, 88, 102);
                text-decoration:underline
;
                font-size:50px;
            }
            .b{
                color:rgb(102, 30, 102);
            }
            .l{
                color:rgb(10, 20, 90);
             }
            p{
                color:rgb(10,20,90);
            }
            #b{
                color:rgb(102,30,102);
            }
            #l{
                color:rgb(102,30,102);
            }
            #o{
                color:rgb(102,30,102);
            }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <h1 id="blog">R's blog</h1>
        <h2 class="b">Contents</h2>
        <ul class="l">
           <li><a href="#b">Introduction
</a></li>
            <li><a href="#l">Hobbies</a
></li>
<li><a href="#o">My personality</a></li>
 </ul>
<p>Hey everyone!<br>I'm a student who is 
pursuing a Bachelors degree of Engineerin
g in the field Information Technology.</p
>
 <h2 id="l">Hobbies</h2>
 <p>Each person has different hobbies and 
doing it gives them joy.Playing badminton 
is one of my many hobbies that relaxs me 
after a stressful day at college.In my 
free time, I love to watch new series on 
the OTT.The latest series I watched was 
<em><a href="https://www.google.co.in
/search?q=all+of+us+are+dead&ie=UTF-8&oe
=UTF-8&hl=en-in&client=safari">"All of us 
are dead"</a></em>.</p>
 <h2 id="o">My Personality</h2>
 <p>I am a very short-tempered person.I 
look at all things good,which makes me an 
optimist.I've always been taught to be 
courageous in difficulties and keep 
myself motivated.I have always tried 
myself to be a very helpful and humble 
person.I strongly believe that it is in 
our hands how we master ourselves to look 
into a beautiful future.</p>
